Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/integration.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn how to configure the manager to connect Wazuh to external APIs. Check out the options, optional filters, and a configuration example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to configure the manager to connect Wazuh to external APIs. Check out the options, optional filters, and configuration examples. 
```
